------------------------------------------------
-----------  Jena Project To-Dos  --------------
------------------------------------------------

 Polycrisis paper -> Give more feedback on current draft


IDEAS: 
Should I change the way I calculate the nitrate leaching (by comparing to the plot with the largest costs, therefore all my values would turn positive again)?

Look at trade-off in ESS provision again. Do grasslands exhibit a lack in fodder provision/ are they sometimes too unproductive?

Emphasize improved management to counteract grassland degradation.

!) Finalize the figures
	- wait until insurance evaluation is final and then update the figures accordingly
	- probably replace the figures with non transformed x-axis --> More meaningful

!) Finalize analysis 
	- finalize this f***ing insurance analysis
        - afterwards, update aggregate analysis with new dataset

!) WRITE!!!!
	- include the missing references
	- make clean equation for insurance calculation and explain insurance value, RP and CE (and their meaning)
	- mention the term "transgressive overyielding" (look at Günay et al. 2013, on Mic Biomass)
	- update the Nitrate leaching methods (measures probably only from 2003 and 2004)
	- check for consistent use of tense
	- 

DONE) redo the root analysis with excluding 30 - 40 cm layer

DONE) do the profit analysis again, I used median, now I will use mean --> more coherent approach

DONE) SEND AROUND EMAIL TO ALL CO-AUTHORS (INCL. YUANYUAN) ON BEGINNING OF DECEMBER AND SET DEADLINE TO COMMENT AND REVIEW TO 14 DAYS

DONE) Include sensitivity analysis

DONE) update description of model parameters in the methods (also increased delta and iteration for main analysis = sown div))

DONE) add figure descriptions

DONE) Finalize methods

DONE) update the figures so they all appear linear

DONE) include small analysis of dominance experiment (Box with 400 words max)

DONE) update hay price source (Landesbetrieb Landwirtschaft Hessen, German Authority for agricultural education and advisory.

DONE) calculate yearly SOC change for dominance and for main exp to compare (adapt to same year), same for biomass

DONE) include figure with main and dominance effects in the same plot 

DONE) check whether SOC is calculated as a yearly price

DONE) set baseline year for all functions as early as possible

DONE) Mentioned the importance of ecosystem services that can not be monetized so easily or at all.

DONE) mention functions and references (data creators) in the main part of manuscript (detailed measurement Infos in the supplements)

DONE) most important for methods: calculations and statistics, economic MF, ecological MF

DONE) invite core writing team: Nico, Marie, Bartosz, Martin, Vera

DONE) make them even nicer and publication ready (check the requirements from nature) 
	add the CI to the plots --> conditional effects function from brms package is perfect
	breaks on x Axis should be 2,4,6,8,10,12

DONE) replace 2002 with 2011 as SOC baseline year (for the remaining data, I also took the years from 2011 onwards)  

DONE) Add block as random effect to your models

DONE) Include single service figures and models for economic MF in main part

DONE) Include Biomass stability (inverse of the coefficient of variation: mean/variance) in ecological MF part

DONE) Replace aboveground herbivory with belowground and aboveground herbivore control (Barnes 2020 and Amyntas 2025)
´
Done) Do the ecological MF analysis and check association with economic MF.
	--> Do so without including leaching, SOC and biomass in the ecological MF

Done) Check whether the nitrogen leaching data make sense 
	Only two elements were different: Markus had two additional elements in his table that were missing in mine. I assume he did something wrong there, because 
	strangely those two values were also the only two negative values in Markus table.

Done) Ask for help with assessing the model fit and interpreting the model outputs.
	--> Yuanyuan said the model assumptions were okay. She said to log transform the realized species richness, because of functional redundancy in the plots that causes 	the diversity-productivity relationship to be non linear. 